# Thursday October 21, 2021

## Attendees

- Adi Dick
- Snorre Nygaard
- Benjamin Akar
- Richard Walker
- Martin Storsletten
- Dave Honneffer
- Trygve Lie
- Max Brosnahan
- Martine Trulsrud
- Thomas Kjærstad
- Mathias Faanes Olsen
- Tom Widerøe

## Notes

### Question: Martine Trulsrud
How should we handle spacing in (for example) buttons?
- correct size of icons in buttons 
- spacing around button
- could we use an icon web component? Web component with a big switch statement that can fetch?
Should devs be expected to set this themselves?

### Question: Thomas Kjærstad
Should I get started with Fabric now?
If you are starting something new then yes.
If you are updating something existing then by all means you can get started but be aware that docs are only going to get better so waiting a couple weeks might be worth it.

### Question: Mathias Faanes Olsen
Can we improve the ide support setup.
Monorepos need lots of tailwind config files, could we get this into a single file?
Could be integrate our config into a setting for ide plugins somehow?
Can we get tailwind play to support our tailwind config file

### Question: Martine Trulsrud
Documentation around tailwind config 
How do we document the differences between tailwind and our fabric version?
We should explain some of the basic differences in our docs

### Discussion point: 
Can we name everything in figma the same as in tailwind?
Adi will look into it.

### Question: Martine Trulsrud
How should we handle progressive expansion in React:
Vue supports this but React doesn't currently.
It should be possible to add support this in React pretty easily
Ensure using media queries to make sure the user doesn't "prefer reduced animation" There is a helper class in tailwind/fabric that will handle this for you. reducedmotion:duration-0 Test both versions of this. Everything should work without animation as well.

### Question: Martine Trulsrud
Broadcast/toast animation
Question of how a dev should handle different kinds of errors. API issues etc where you need to alert the user to the issue.
- UX/UI person should be giving input on this
- We should have a really clear way to handle errors at Finn (but we dont)
    - different levels: eg. load balancer, app etc
    - we should really look at this
    - Broadcast is really only for major site issues
The toast module is to be used for inline toasts etc
eg. Show toast when helt hjem is down, remove the toast when helt hjem is back up
If worried about the user doing a page refresh, save data to local storage and restore on page refresh

### Comment: Martine Trulsrud
Breadcrumbs: TJT breadcrumbs in react looks terrible on mobile
Should only show 1 level back on mobile
This should probably be fixed in the components themselves